# Bellabeat-campaign-Google
## Description
- This project is an application of Google Data Analytics program
- **Bellabeat** is high-tech company that manufactures health-focused smart products. Collecting data on activity, sleep, stress, and reproductive health has allowed Bellabeat to empower women with knowledge about their own health and habits. The company develops wearables and accompanying products that monitor biometric and lifestyle data to help women better understand how their bodies work and make healthier choices.
- The goal of this project is to study the trends and patterns of smart wearable devices usage to figure out the most used features. These trends will then be applied to **Bellabeat** consumers to devise marketing strategy that can comply with the wishes and aspirations of Bellabeat current or projected consumers. The study will be applied on 30 of **FitBit** users. By figuring out the pattern of usage of these users, this study can propose effective solutions to **Bellabeat** stakeholders to promote the marketing strategy.
### Dataset
- This project utilizes the <a href='https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/arashnic/fitbit'>FitBit Fitness Tracker Data</a> provided by <a href='https://www.kaggle.com/arashnic'>Möbius</a>, a data scientist at *Healthcare in Melbourne, Australia*. The data is generated by respondents to a distributed survey via *Amazon Mechanical Turk*. The data used in this project is based on both daily and hourly scale and it is demonstrated in the below tables. According to the dataset publisher, **Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring**.
### Processing tools
**Microsoft Excel:** to visually assess the dataset and figure out the structure and shape of the data.

**Microsoft SQL:** to double check the data and figure out possible relationships among variables from different tables.

**R prgramming language:** which will be used through the rest of the project to double assess, clean, and build visualization of our data.
